you
you may notice there's a glowstone at
the top of the tree this is idea of one
guy on the cervix called blue Cup he
also made video so I'll post the link in
the description of the video you can
check and they came up with this idea
and looks very nice at the nine so let
me skip to the night see I think it's
very good idea I'd save space hey guys
walking on water for my grad AKA my god
mondays i like that we prevailed it's
been a rough week of patch notes and
updates for 1.3 coming out but we have
all your news right here got first the
minecraft documentary for you now
looking for quite a bit of money i
helped raise for it they have a 20
minute video actually for you also to
see it to show that
you